(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 24)
You can go, sir.
What are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
Were you really trying to run away again?
Because you bothered me.
I told you. Everything bothers me.
Fine.
I knew you'd find me annoying.
Just because I used to be your friend,
I kept interfering with your life since we met...
after 10 years of staying apart.
Even I would find it annoying.
If you know,
just leave.
I can't just leave.
I promised him...
to tell him when you call me.
What?
At first,
I planned to persuade you to go home.
When I found you here,
I thought I shouldn't...
say anything for your pride.
But if you keep doing this,
I have no choice but to tell him you're here.
What are you...
Who are you talking about?
Hey, you ungrateful girl!
You think you can leave before paying me back?
How dare you try run away at night?
I was going to transfer you the money.
If you had money all along,
why did you stay here?
I see it now. Were you running away together?
You said that...
if Ms. Seo ran away, you'd pay back my money.
I did.
That's why I gave you my business card.
Please go inside.
I'll send her back in after we talk.
Do you know what that money means to me?
It's 1,000 dollars. With that money,
I can buy my wife's medicine for a month.
You begged me not to report you to the police.
I let you stay with me without knowing neither...
your name nor address.
I deserve more from you!
I'm sorry.
Please get inside, sir.
Come with me.
Ji An's safe.
I'll tell you no more...
because she doesn't want me to.
I hope he took her home safely.
(Did you get home safely?)
(Call me when you see this.)
She didn't even send me a message.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Forget it.
I'm glad she went back home.
Choi Do Kyung?
Did you say, "Choi Do Kyung"?
Yes, that's the name.
You ran away because of him.
No, I didn't run away because of him.
Whatever you tell me,
I cannot let you run away like this.
But since you find me annoying,
- I can tell him... - No.
Never.
Then at least give me your parents' number.
I went to your house before,
but a new tenant said you moved.
I moved?
Who told you that?
A lady who moved into your house.
Why are you the only one running away?
- What about him? - No.
We are not like that.
He just used to be my brother.
What?
What do you mean?
The moment I saw the vice president punching Dad...
and Dad kneeling in front of him,
I knew.
"I'm done for."
"I won't survive this."
Ji An.
I wanted to kill myself.
My parents raised me with love for 28 years,
but I gave them up...
in a matter of days to choose rich parents.
I wanted to kill myself for that.
However, I failed.
You thought they were your real parents.
But they are not.
They're not.
But what if...
it turns out you're a son of a rich family?
What would you do then?
I won't go.
If your real parents aren't rich...
and much poorer than your current parents,
would you still go?
I won't.
In the end, you're going because of their wealth.
Can there be real connections...
between them based on money?
So that's why you asked that.
It was about me.
The fool who went for their wealth.
That's me.
Ji An.
So please just leave me alone.
Take care.
Yang Mi Jung came to say she's going to confess?
I told her not to.
I said we'll forgive her for Ji Soo's sake.
I also told her to keep running the restaurant.
I did what you wanted.
Are you happy?
That was the best we could do for our family.
What about Ji Soo... No.
What should I do with Eun Seok's part-time job?
Let her work for the time being.
Okay.
Ji Soo and I...
aren't ready to accept each other yet,
so let's take our time.
Ji An!
Tae Soo.
Did you dream about Ji An?
Yes.
You're not going out at this hour, are you?
You didn't get any sleep.
That guy left.
Don't you try to run away again.
I won't.
By the way, can Hyuk share that room with you?
What? With me?
Well, you...
stay both at your parents' and your house.
You sometimes drink with your neighbors...
and sleep in that room too.
We aren't picky either.
Will you be okay with that?
Your sister gave me a list of reasons...
why I should be okay with the arrangement.
Thank you.
And I can't work for a few days.
Please take care of our business.
Okay.
If only I hired a part-timer sooner,
I could've cleaned the room for him.
I'm holding interviews today.
Really?
I should hold interviews with you.
Don't even think about it.
Why would you have a say in it? It's my part-timer.
Hee, you've gotten your energy back.
I've never seen you scold Hyuk.
That's true.
Hee, you changed recently.
Did something happen?
Nothing happened.
I can't continue to work with your help.
I need to start taking charge now.
Get going.
Okay.
Yong Gook and Hee. Take care of yourselves.
You didn't get bread?
I'm thinking of switching to another bakery.
Nonsense. Many customers love that bread.
Or you can simply order other breads from there.
Okay. I'll get more bread.
You should get going.
All right. I'm off now.
- Bye. - Bye.
You're here.
What happened?
Did you just get here?
I'm really sorry about the other day.
Something happened with my friend.
I was so distracted.
I didn't even ask if you got here safely.
That's all right.
I understand if you had to go.
I didn't know you met your friend.
I will treat you...
to a meal to make up for it.
A meal?
A delicious meal.
I guess you were making the salt from scratch...
from the salt field.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry? Is that it?
If you were sorry, you should've called.
You made this weak girl...
carry a bag of salt by herself.
- Sorry? - Well, about that.
We needed salt right away on that day.
I went to the truck and brought a bag with me.
You did?
My gosh, I'm so sorry.
Mr. Kang, I'm sorry.
Exactly. How are you going to make up for it?
I told Ji Soo I'm going to treat her to a meal.
For you...
Oh, right.
The owner of the cafe must've upset you.
I found out she stopped ordering from you.
Maybe she doesn't like my bread.
No.
It's just that she doesn't have good social skills.
Send her the bread again.
Really?
Are you sure? Okay.
I'll bake some right now and bring them to her.
Isn't today your day off?
And you're here too, Ji Soo.
It is our day off,
but I was going to teach her how to bake.
Thank you. Thank you.
I should be thanking you.
I'm slammed today, so...
You are? Leave them.
I'll carry them inside.
My goodness.
- Thank you. - Go on.
- I'll go now. - Okay.
Bye.
She wants the bread again.
He asked me to have a meal with him.
What should we eat?
Excuse me for 10 minutes.
Why can't you be more considerate?
Why did you come without giving me a call?
I am sorry.
I left home early and had some free time.
You left home early?
Have you been well?
I guess they treat you well?
Of course they treat me well.
I'm their real daughter.
Right. Right.
I'm sure they treat you well.
I'm sure they do.
Why did you leave home early?
- To meet me? - I'm looking for Ji An.
You're looking for Ji An.
So I wanted to ask you.
When you met Ji An,
what did you two talk about?
Did you come here to ask me that?
Ji An...
still hasn't called. It's been over a week.
So tell me...
what you talked about with her.
I don't want to tell you.
- What? - I don't want to say it.
Why do you want to know what we talked about?
Why do I have to tell you what we talked about?
Just tell me.
Don't you know why Ji An went to you?
Don't you really know?
You are the only one she met.
So I need to know what you talked about...
to understand how she must've felt.
I hit her.
What?
I got mad at her for not telling me, so I hit her.
She's just like you and Mom.
Hey.
How can you do that?
You knew it wasn't her fault.
How can you treat her like that when she went to you?
How would she endure it?
Don't you know her?
Have you seen her giving up anything?
After you bankrupted, she only gave up art school.
She studied like crazy as soon as she gave it up.
How can you...
not know anything about your sister?
When she was preparing to get a job...
and even when she didn't get the job,
she didn't give up because of her ego.
That's why she will never come home now.
She doesn't want to see you and Mom.
She revealed the truth even without telling me.
It would've been easier if she blamed you two.
That's her.
That's how tough she is.
I'm sure she will come after a month.
No.
You could've understood her.
You could've.
How could I?
She met me many times even after finding out.
Every time, she pretended nothing was wrong.
I wouldn't have been able to do that if I were her.
That's why...
I can never forgive her.
(DNA test result)
99.9 percent probability.
Seo Ji Soo is my daughter.
Yes.
I will go now.
Get another instructor.
Get a house...
to teach Eun Seok too.
Yes, Ma'am.
(Father)
Myung Hee.
Why are you answering the phone?
Your father just got admitted in the clinic...
for swollen tonsils.
- He's getting tested now. - Again?
Is it really serious?
He can't talk.
I'll deliver the message for you.
I was going to say I'm coming to Hawaii...
to visit him.
You should cancel. Come when he's well.
Okay. I will do that.
Tell me when you get the results.
Okay.
What do I do?
Cancel the lunch appointment.
Yes, ma'am.
You were in such a hurry that I thought...
you'd come right away.
You're late.
I've been busy.
It should arrive before December.
I'm going to wear matching jewelries...
with my daughter on the foundation anniversary.
The designers said it was going to be tough...
getting these made on time, but I begged them.
Well done. I won't forget it.
I'm jealous that you and your daughter...
will be wearing matching jewelries.
What are you doing? Do you think I'm joking?
What?
I've just come to deliver the bread.
Mr. Sunwoo placed the order.
Which coffee should I drink today?
You know that he is my brother, right?
I know.
He used to be really cute.
If you tell him, I will close this down.
I'll get cappuccino.
You have a lot of working experiences.
Yes. I am never late, and I greet customers well.
I clean well and wash the dishes well too.
I recycle well, and I open and close the shop well.
She talks too much.
No. No.
I can't figure it out.
Excuse me, ma'am?
Can you work full-time?
I said no.
If you can work full-time, until when can you do it?
Until I join the army. I am thinking six months.
Okay. I will think about it and call you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
All right.
Let me join.
Why are you back again?
I went to get my things.
I'm going to stay here until you decide to go.
Why are you doing this?
You heard everything.
So don't bother me. Just go.
I'm here to work.
Mr. Gong said he needed more hands.
Don't talk nonsense.
What do you know about this work?
This work is really tough.
Did you know when you first began?
Hyuk.
When I was doing a part-time job...
after the college entrance exam,
all the fish in the fish farm died,
and I had to scoop out dead fish for 4 days.
This is going to bring back memories.
Even if you do this, I won't change my mind.
Let's just work.
Having watched it for one day actually helps.
Do what you like.
I told you. I don't care about anyone.
To bring in other customers as well,
you should come up with a marketing strategy...
that tells a story.
Okay, sir.
Let's end there.
Wait, sir.
The design team sent the result of...
the storytelling patch design contest.
Ji An must've joined the contest too.
(Winner, Seo Ji An)
(Duck Logo)
Winner?
Yes. But she's out of reach.
There's a prize too.
I don't know what to do.
Did you call me?
Check if Ji An went home yesterday.
Okay, sir.
Do it here.
Okay.
Are you sure?
What did he say? What is he saying?
Okay.
She didn't come home.
What do you mean she didn't come home?
Are they guarding the house properly?
Perhaps they are slacking off somewhere?
How can she not come home?
Why wouldn't she come home when she's with that guy?
If she came home...
and they failed to spot her,
I won't be paying them.
What?
Then what happened?
Yes, this is Mamdaero.
Please put on Mr. Sunwoo Hyuk.
He's on a business trip.
Business trip?
To where?
I'm sorry, but who am I speaking to?
Never mind. I will call back.
When is he coming back from the trip?
I don't know. I think it's going to take a few days.
The exact date isn't set yet.
If you give me your name, I will...
Okay.
That's strange.
He's on a business trip?
And he doesn't know the returning date.
I don't know what to say.
You think it's strange too, don't you?
Perhaps she's ill?
Maybe she's hurt?
Maybe that's why she can't move at all.
If she's either sick or hurt,
he would've taken her to a hospital.
Then why would he go there...
instead of bringing her home?
Anyway, it's certain that her friend is with her.
Aren't you relieved?
I am. I am very relieved.
Goodness.
How can you work so well?
I am good at anything that's fun to do.
Is this fun?
It's really fun.
I just need to evenly flatten it.
- Time flies when I do it. - My goodness.
He might end up staying here for good.
You should just stay here for good.
- Yes. - Stay here for good.
Should I?
Should I just live here?
I will treat you to makgeolli today.
Yes!
Please.
Stop.
(Mother)
(Do Kyung)
Hello?
It's me.
I know.
You're off today, aren't you?
You weren't at home.
What's up?
I think Mom's gotten over the shock.
She wants to hold a welcoming party for you.
I don't need that.
You don't need it.
But why don't you cut her some slack?
Get in, miss.
I hope you will do whatever Ms. Min asks.
Please.
Please lie down here.
Okay.
That's it.
My goodness.
It feels really good.
Is that it?
What?
That thing inside your case.
Is that 700,000 dollars?
Do you want to check if it's 700,000 dollars?
Never mind.
- Give me the case first. - If I give you this,
will you delete the photos...
and cancel the divorce?
What can I do?
I can't forgive you,
but I will forgive you...
for the sake of the child.
Not yet.
Are you really going to...
act like it never happened?
I can't let my child grow up without a dad.
So I will be generous and forgive you.
That's it. Good job, my darling.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
You should be thankful.
Did you think I was going to say that?
(Wife)
What?
What are you doing?
Are you okay with the photos being leaked?
Do it if you can dare.
What?
Do it if you want to go to jail for fraud.
Honey.
Those who commit fraud shall pay...
the equivalent amount of money...
or benefits you gained...
through the criminal act...
or from a third party.
You know that, right?
When the amount you gained is...
more than 500,000 dollars,
there are additional punishments.
You'll receive more than three years of jail time.
This law passed...
in 2016.
Stop talking nonsense.
You are the ones...
who are talking nonsense.
I have proof that...
she had an affair with my husband.
You two are...
such a sweet couple.
All right.
Let's listen to this first.
Honey.
Change of plans. No drive-in theaters.
She's suddenly into clubs,
so we're heading to a club in Hongdae now.
You should go to the club we first met...
and secure a spot in the VIP parking lot.
Hurry.
Surprise.
All right. Next.
How did you get this?
Well...
Your car was parked in the VIP parking lot that day.
But it was your first time to go to the club.
The parking lot for VIPs on your first day?
That doesn't make sense.
And I saw her...
that day.
Everything was so strange.
I checked the surveillance camera...
and found her rehearsing the scene.
You're here.
- Hey. - Yes.
- Is this place for VIPs? - Yes.
I think I saw a new car here a few days ago.
Well... Some woman bribed me with some money, so...
Just move on.
Is this the woman?
Yes.
Okay.
Excuse me.
All right.
Okay.
She changed her plan...
and went to a club instead of a drive-in theater,
but how did his wife know that and chased them?
The answer is...
the audio record from the black box in the car.
That's why you told me not to let him drive...
and took the car key from me.
Bingo.
Plus,
there's one more.
Bonus.
The game is over, you frauds.
How dare you toy with the daughter of Haesung?
So what? It can't even be evidence of fraud.
Is the money ready?
I only got 600,000 dollars.
Can't you just take that?
If you don't make 700,000, I'll leak the photos.
I can't get any more money.
I am going to leak the photos then.
You don't need to hear more. It's waste of time.
In fact, the whole thing started because of her.
This lady.
What?
It was so obvious you were into me.
He's my husband.
Just shut your mouth.
You didn't learn your lessons yet.
How could the frauds blame the victim?
She was just too innocent.
Unlike you, she's not cunning.
Okay. I get it.
If you turn me over to the police,
I'll leak the news about Haesung's new daughter.
Hey.
Just go leak the news, you idiot.
You signed the note of confidentiality.
Can you even afford the penalty? Can you?
We don't have any money.
It's not just about money.
People from Haesung Group won't let it slide.
It won't be just three years in jail.
You'd end up being buried in the ground.
I take that back.
Gosh, this punk.
So what will happen to us now?
Mister.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm okay.
You look sick.
You have a fever.
You've been wandering around night and day.
You'd be very sick.
Go home and get some rest. Go take some medicine.
Is there a pharmacy near here?
Here.
I'm home.
I knew you were pretty, but you look much better.
You look good.
You got a complete makeover.
So how was it?
- What? - How did you feel?
The massage was good, and I liked my new hair.
I don't like this dress though. It's not my thing.
Why? You don't like it?
No, that's not it.
I was just coming home, so I thought all this...
makeup and new clothes were a bit too much.
You're our family now,
so I wanted everything to be perfect.
I didn't have time to prepare things before.
First, I want to celebrate that Eun Seok is back.
Hold on.
I'm sorry, but I'm not back as Eun Seok.
Why are you doing this?
You're Eun Seok.
Who else do you think would be Eun Seok then?
No, I'm not Eun Seok.
I'm Seo Ji Soo.
I don't want you to call me Eun Seok.
Hey.
Let's skip the toast.
We were overhasty.
Let's just have dinner together.
Okay.
Let's eat.
Ji Soo, that fork is for salad.
So what?
You should use the fork for meat instead.
What's wrong with this? I don't care about it.
It's called table manners.
There are rules about cutlery.
I know that.
But I'm home. Why would I care about that at home?
No one's watching me.
Ji Soo.
I'm sorry.
It was just so funny.
I'm home, but people are standing around us.
And I'm all dressed up just to have dinner.
It's just so funny. It's strange.
Did you just say it's funny?
Yes.
Each family has their own culture.
It's rude of you to laugh loudly at the table.
Oh, I see. That's how things are here.
Excuse me.
Can I get some ketchup and steak sauce?
You have the special sauce in your plate.
It's too bland. I prefer bulgogi over steak.
Bulgogi and stir-fried spicy pork.
I don't like bland dishes.
Honey.
She's so cute.
Thank you.
(Welcome to Canada!)
Canada?
Emigration?
I'm home.
Where's Soo A?
She's working late, so I came home first.
Did you eat dinner?
- Yes. - Ji Tae.
Yes?
Are you interested in emigration?
Did you search my room?
What?
I didn't search your room. I found...
Why did you even come upstairs?
Yes, I looked into it.
How could you, without discussing with me?
Did you discuss with us?
Did you ask us...
before swapping my sisters?
That was...
Yes, I want to emigrate.
I plan to.
Why should I...
discuss that with you?
I'm an adult. I'm married.
Who was the one that forced me to marry?
Now we're married,
I'm too embarrassed to face my own wife.
That's why I want to leave this house.
I want to be able to breathe for once.
Ji Tae.
What was that about?
What?
"What?"
Did you decide to emigrate?
Without a word to me?
I said that because I was upset.
Are you allowed to be rash if you're upset?
What are you so upset about?
Isn't that obvious?
I'm frustrated, that's all.
What did you say when we were in Canada?
Marriage is about living apart from your family.
That's what you wanted.
Marriage is about forming our own family.
I know that, but...
I lose control...
when I see my parents.
Let's move out.
If living here is giving you such a hard time,
we should move out.
Out of sight,
out of mind.
Okay. Let's do that.
Hello?
Tae Soo.
Seok...
Seok Doo.
What's wrong with your voice?
It's just so hard.
I feel miserable.
I'm so afraid.
How could this happen?
How...
How could she not text or call me?
My wife told me.
You still haven't heard from her?
No.
I don't even know if...
she's dead or alive.
In fact,
the whole thing started because of her.
It was so obvious you were into me.
Was that a reason...
to defraud me?
- Hey. - Did Ms. Min...
Hey.
What are you doing?
You can't barge in without my permission.
I knocked.
You knock to ask for...
permission to enter.
You're really weird.
Why do sisters need permission?
Not even my parents enter without it.
I even shared a room with my sister.
We changed in front of each other...
and slept together.
And you're so very different.
What?
You're very different from the other Eun Seok.
The old one's always better.
What does that mean?
The other Eun Seok...
learned manners...
that suited our family.
She understood what she learned,
and my parents adored her.
She even captivated my grandpa,
and he called her his bloodline.
Are you praising your fake sister?
Because she deserves it.
She was so nice,
and I'd grown to like her.
Ms. Min.
Did you call for me?
Why did you swap my toothbrush without asking?
Do educated people...
touch others' belongings like that?
I changed it because I thought it was worn.
I brought it from home...
because I'd only used it for two days.
I apologize. I guess I was mistaken.
Was it because it was cheap?
I don't like these kind of toothbrushes.
I apologize, miss.
You don't have to apologize so much.
From now on, can you...
not call me "miss"?
Mr. Choi.
I'm glad my wife left early...
for a breakfast meeting.
Why did you swap my toothbrush without asking?
I brought it from home...
because I'd only used it for two days.
Who are you?
We're used to seeing your wife.
Why are you here?
Let's cut to the chase.
Tell me exactly what you told my wife.
From when you took Eun Seok 25 years ago.
She told us not to tell anyone else.
I'm the father of the child you kidnapped.
We really were going to put the girl back...
in the car after taking the diamonds.
I thought she knew.
I froze on the spot with fear,
but Ms. No just zoomed straight past me.
I was standing there holding the girl.
Yes. I saw it from inside our car.
I thought we'd been found out.
Right?
What else should I do...
when we're about to become kidnappers?
We only planned on stealing.
Kidnapping was not our intent, sir.
What is it?
Did you test Ji Soo's DNA...
with her toothbrush?
I did.
I wanted to be sure.
I didn't want to make another mistake.
You tested it?
I took the toothbrushes Jo Soon Ok gave me,
and I believed Yang Mi Jung.
That got us into a world of trouble.
I thought that maybe...
Jo Soon Ok had tampered with them.
Now we confirmed Ji Soo is Eun Seok...
She must be trained.
Yes.
You're leaving?
You've been acting...
strangely for quite a while.
May I ask why?
The girl that you...
accepted wholeheartedly turned out...
not to be our daughter.
Did you hope Ji Soo wasn't either?
Do you think...
your daughter was born noble?
How can you say that?
I'm glad it's a no.
You're handsome and a great worker.
- Right. - Thank you.
We all just love you, you know.
- Don't we? - We do.
- A drink later? - Soju?
- Sure. - Sounds great.
Young man.
Yes?
Can you help us strip the dry seaweed?
- Oh dear. - Yes, sir.
He's so popular.
- I won't be long. - Okay.
Come back. You're supposed to help us.
Oh dear. Poor Hyuk might throw out his back.
That's nothing for me.
- I'm really okay. - Sorry.
Are you okay?
- Give me five minutes. - Okay.
Hurry back.
Will you really not go home?
I brought a suitcase.
What for?
What are you doing here? Why should you be here?
Stop it and go home.
This isn't your job.
What about you? Is it yours?
Hyuk.
I like the work.
It's simple, but I focus and it distracts me.
Ji An.
Say you were in my shoes...
and you saw me in your situation.
If I told you to go home, would you?
Of course.
Liar.
You're a great liar.
Even in high school.
You lied when you taught me how to saw.
"Not bad."
"You're good. You're useful, Hyuk."
When I made my first box,
you lied then too.
"Yours is better than mine."
Yours was much better.
Why are you mentioning that?
Your lies gave me confidence.
You were awesome then.
You could saw, hammer nails, draw things,
and you got good grades.
You fought well, smiled...
Stop it, I don't want to listen.
When you complimented me,
I wondered if I could do better at something.
So I tried harder to earn more compliments.
Then carpentry became fun.
When I realized that, you said something.
If I take woodwork classes or study interior design,
I can do all sorts of things with wood.
Why are you saying that?
Let's say I said all that then.
Is that reason for you to act like a stalker?
It's more than enough.
Will you please let me explain why?
You know...
my mom...
was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer...
when I was in elementary school.
She begged my sister to get married...
and died soon afterwards.
My dad became an alcoholic.
What kind of a life do you think I had?
I was so lonely.
I was the school bully and a huge troublemaker.
You know I was forced to...
take carpentry in high school.
But I enjoyed it and found my dream.
Don't you remember...
how we spent a whole year in the woodwork room?
We made all sorts of things for an exhibition.
I don't care about your past.
It's your past too.
I hate my past! It means nothing.
"Go back to when you were cool."
That's what you want to say.
It's not that.
I'm explaining...
why I just can't leave you here on your own.
Would you leave...
a friend like that behind?
Could you?
I could.
Yes, I can.
I can't.
That's why even if you yell and beg,
I can't leave you here.
If I knew your family's number...
But you won't give it to me.
You won't let me call Choi Do Kyung...
who does know their number.
That's why I must become your guardian.
Hyuk.
I don't need a guardian.
Then live like you don't need one.
You aren't dead. You're alive.
Why live like you're dead?
What's your plan? Do you have one?
I don't.
I didn't think. I don't want to think.
That's a dead person.
Someone pretending to be dead to survive.
What?
You're right by the sea.
You won't go in.
You could've died many times, but you didn't.
You want to live.
Call your parents, come with me,
or let me stay with you, choose one.
Do you like simple work?
I'll let you work.
Ji An is safe and well.
If she's well,
why isn't she back?
- Mr. Choi. - What?
I'll report back because you told me to...
What is it?
The location of Seo Ji An's phone.
It went dead a week ago,
but it was last located in Incheon.
- Where in Incheon? - Will you go?
What for when her friend will be there?
I need to see what happened...
and if she's safe.
I just want to check.
Text me the location.
I have a bad feeling about this.
This is the first time she took a break.
Something must be wrong.
Someone pretending to be dead to survive.
Call your parents, come with me,
or let me stay with you.
Choose one.
Ma'am, where did she go?
She took all her belongings and left.
I wondered how she was, but she looked brighter.
- Did she? - Yes.
- Hurry after her. - See you.
Go on, then.
Go on.
Excuse me.
Did you...
see this person somewhere?
- No. - I haven't seen her.
Excuse me.
Have you seen her?
Yes, I saw her over there.
You saw her?
Yes, when I dropped off the squid.
I think she was drying seaweed.
She looked different from that photo.
Drying seaweed?
Where do they do that?
Ji An.
Hyuk.
Let's go.
Sure. Let's go.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Excuse me.
By any chance,
does this woman work here?
Isn't that Ms. Seo?
That's Ms. Seo.
She looks different in the picture.
Where's she now?
She packed up and left.
Men keep looking for her. What's going on?
She must be...
femme fatale.
She attracts men like a squid net.
So who's the boyfriend?
Ji An...
worked here?
It's your pay until now.
No.
There's nothing...
after the hospital and meal cost.
You even bought me clothes.
I took out the hospital cost.
I provide meal and housing...
to workers.
You made some money...
because you worked...
harder than anybody else.
Take it. Here.
Thank you.
You thank a corrupt owner like me?
I know you kept me on purpose.
You do?
You cooked...
good food for me for every meal.
Why did you do that...
when you don't even know me?
I have a long story.
I attempted suicide for the last time...
at bed and breakfast,
but I couldn't die...
because she saved me.
I shouldn't have saved him.
He's suffering from taking care of me.
I have Evans syndrome.
I make him work hard...
for the hospital cost,
and people call him cheap.
People live...
for various reasons.
People die for another.
People live for another.
Yes.
I used to wear this.
It's cold now.
I bought that for you last year.
It was a big decision.
Go ahead.
You're lucky.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Take care of yourself.
Give me a call...
to say you're good.
Yes.
Please...
stay healthy.
Many people live there.
You don't need to worry about it.
Okay.
She got here by a truck.
Seo Ji An.
Get off.